# Rust API client for consent-v3alpha-client

## Format of multi-valued query parameters (arrays)

For query parameters that can have multiple values (i.e. their schema is 
`type: array`), such as the `dataattrs` parameter on `GET /be/check_consent`, we
use `style: form` and `explode: true`. In short, you repeat the query parameter
for each value you want to add.  

For details on `style` and `explode`, see the
[OAPI docs here](https://swagger.io/specification/v3/#style-examples).

For example, if you want to check consent for user ID `tarou`, client 
`app-backend`, and data attributes `CITY_ADDRESS_ID` and `TENANT_ID`, the full
URL looks like this:

```
http://consent.consent.svc.cluster.local/v2alpha/check_consent?user=tarou&client=app-backend&dataattrs=CITY_ADDRESS_ID&dataattrs=TENANT_ID
```

## Agreements API

### Terminology
- **Agreement**: A legal contract that a service provider wants a user to sign (i.e. accept).
    For example, this could be a Terms of Use contract, or an agreement to processing of personal information.
  - An agreement is **pending** while the user has not signed it yet.
  - A user **signs** an agreement to show their acceptance of the terms in the agreement.
  - Consequently, a **signed** agreement has been accepted by the user.
- **Agreement group**: A group of agreements that are somehow related, for example because they all pertain to
    the same project, or the same experiment. This API does not care about the concrete relationship between
    the agreements in a group. Each Agreement can only belong to one single group. Groups cannot contain other groups.

### Further Notes
- This API does not offer a way to manage the agreements and their contents or the agreement groups. This
  management is handled out of band.
- This API does not offer a way for a user to withdraw their acceptance to an agreement.



## Overview

This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [openapi-spec](https://openapis.org) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 0.3.0
- Package version: 0.3.0
- Build package: `org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RustClientCodegen`

## Installation

Put the package under your project folder in a directory named `consent-v3alpha-client` and add the following to `Cargo.toml` under `[dependencies]`:

```
consent-v3alpha-client = { path = "./consent-v3alpha-client" }
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://consent.consent.svc.cluster.local*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AgreementSigningApi* | [**get_user_agreements_for_group_v1**](docs/AgreementSigningApi.md#get_user_agreements_for_group_v1) | **GET** /agreements/v1/agreement_groups/{agreement_group_id}/user/{user_id}/agreements | Get agreements of the given group, indicating if the given user has signed each one
*AgreementSigningApi* | [**post_agreements_sign_v1**](docs/AgreementSigningApi.md#post_agreements_sign_v1) | **POST** /agreements/v1/agreements/sign | Record that the given user has signed the given agreements
*AgreementSigningApi* | [**post_agreements_unsign_v1**](docs/AgreementSigningApi.md#post_agreements_unsign_v1) | **POST** /agreements/v1/agreements/unsign | Record that the given user has unsigned the given agreements
*AgreementSigningApi* | [**post_agreements_user_signings_v1**](docs/AgreementSigningApi.md#post_agreements_user_signings_v1) | **POST** /agreements/v1/agreement/signings | Returns users who signed a specific agreement.
*ClientGroupManagementApi* | [**delete_clients_client**](docs/ClientGroupManagementApi.md#delete_clients_client) | **DELETE** /v3alpha/admin/clients/{client_id} | Remove a client from all groups
*ClientGroupManagementApi* | [**delete_groups_group**](docs/ClientGroupManagementApi.md#delete_groups_group) | **DELETE** /v3alpha/admin/groups/{group_id} | Delete a group
*ClientGroupManagementApi* | [**delete_groups_group_clients**](docs/ClientGroupManagementApi.md#delete_groups_group_clients) | **DELETE** /v3alpha/admin/groups/{group_id}/clients | Remove clients from a group
*ClientGroupManagementApi* | [**get_groups**](docs/ClientGroupManagementApi.md#get_groups) | **GET** /v3alpha/admin/groups | Get all groups and the entire consent client grouping
*ClientGroupManagementApi* | [**post_groups_group**](docs/ClientGroupManagementApi.md#post_groups_group) | **POST** /v3alpha/admin/groups/{group_id} | Create a new group
*ClientGroupManagementApi* | [**post_groups_group_clients**](docs/ClientGroupManagementApi.md#post_groups_group_clients) | **POST** /v3alpha/admin/groups/{group_id}/clients | Add clients to a group
*ConsentCheckingApi* | [**get_check_consent**](docs/ConsentCheckingApi.md#get_check_consent) | **GET** /v2alpha/be/check_consent | Check if consent is granted
*ConsentGrantManagementApi* | [**get_consents_user**](docs/ConsentGrantManagementApi.md#get_consents_user) | **GET** /v2alpha/consents/user/{data_subject_id} | Return all the consents granted by the given data subject
*ConsentGrantManagementApi* | [**post_bulk_consents**](docs/ConsentGrantManagementApi.md#post_bulk_consents) | **POST** /v2alpha/consents/bulk | Grant the given data subject's consent.
*ConsentGrantManagementApi* | [**post_bulk_consents_user_revoke**](docs/ConsentGrantManagementApi.md#post_bulk_consents_user_revoke) | **POST** /v2alpha/consents/bulk/user/{data_subject_id}/revoke | Revoke the given data subject's consent to the given data attributes for the given client group
*ConsentGrantManagementApi* | [**post_consents**](docs/ConsentGrantManagementApi.md#post_consents) | **POST** /v2alpha/consents | Grant the given data subject's consent to the given data attributes for the given client group.
*ConsentGrantManagementApi* | [**post_consents_user_revoke**](docs/ConsentGrantManagementApi.md#post_consents_user_revoke) | **POST** /v2alpha/consents/user/{data_subject_id}/revoke | Revoke the given data subject's consent to the given data attributes for the given client group


## Documentation For Models

 - [AgreementKey](docs/AgreementKey.md)
 - [CheckConsentResponse](docs/CheckConsentResponse.md)
 - [ConflictErrorResponse](docs/ConflictErrorResponse.md)
 - [ConsentStatus](docs/ConsentStatus.md)
 - [GetConsentsUser200Response](docs/GetConsentsUser200Response.md)
 - [GetConsentsUser200ResponseGrantsInner](docs/GetConsentsUser200ResponseGrantsInner.md)
 - [GetGroups200Response](docs/GetGroups200Response.md)
 - [GetGroups200ResponseAssociationsInner](docs/GetGroups200ResponseAssociationsInner.md)
 - [GetGroups200ResponseGroupsInner](docs/GetGroups200ResponseGroupsInner.md)
 - [GetUserAgreementsForGroupV1200Response](docs/GetUserAgreementsForGroupV1200Response.md)
 - [GetUserAgreementsForGroupV1200ResponseAgreementsInner](docs/GetUserAgreementsForGroupV1200ResponseAgreementsInner.md)
 - [GetUserAgreementsForGroupV1200ResponseSigningsInner](docs/GetUserAgreementsForGroupV1200ResponseSigningsInner.md)
 - [PostAgreementsSignV1Request](docs/PostAgreementsSignV1Request.md)
 - [PostAgreementsUnsignV1Request](docs/PostAgreementsUnsignV1Request.md)
 - [PostAgreementsUserSigningsV1200ResponseInner](docs/PostAgreementsUserSigningsV1200ResponseInner.md)
 - [PostAgreementsUserSigningsV1Request](docs/PostAgreementsUserSigningsV1Request.md)
 - [PostBulkConsentsRequest](docs/PostBulkConsentsRequest.md)
 - [PostBulkConsentsRequestGrantsInner](docs/PostBulkConsentsRequestGrantsInner.md)
 - [PostBulkConsentsUserRevokeRequest](docs/PostBulkConsentsUserRevokeRequest.md)
 - [PostBulkConsentsUserRevokeRequestGrantsInner](docs/PostBulkConsentsUserRevokeRequestGrantsInner.md)
 - [PostConsentsRequest](docs/PostConsentsRequest.md)


To get access to the crate's generated documentation, use:

```
cargo doc --open
```

## Author



